Add integrations 0.16.2 rule docs (#1922)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-2/prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-microsoft-iis-connection-strings-decryption.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-microsoft-iis-connection-strings-decryption]]
=== Microsoft IIS Connection Strings Decryption

> Identifies use of aspnet_regiis to decrypt Microsoft IIS connection strings. An attacker with Microsoft IIS web server access via a webshell or alike can decrypt and dump any hardcoded connection strings, such as the MSSQL service account password using aspnet_regiis command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies use of `aspnet_regiis` to decrypt Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) connection strings. An attacker with Microsoft IIS web server access via a web shell or alike can decrypt and dump any hardcoded connection strings, such as the MSSQL service account password using `aspnet_regiis` command.
```
